fix: Add Mac Catalyst support (#3767)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

- Fix runtime error when including Sentry as a static lib (#3764)

> - Add Mac Catalyst support to the new pre-built solution (#3767)

Reviewer: `m`: Maybe a bit cleaner.
```suggestion
- Fix Mac Catalyst support for the prebuilt XCFramework used by SPM and Carthage (#3767)
```
